thank you i'm jimmy i am the host of the
show thank you for watching i appreciate
it
after an emotional day
on which three guilty verdicts were read
in minneapolis and united states
i think we're all grateful it went the
way that it did
in this case the jury made the correct
decision a unanimous decision which is a
step in the right direction
and i hope the verdict itself brings
comfort to the family of george floyd
and all those who mourned his death and
i also want to say
good luck in prison derek you'll need it
that's right i hope you're there for a
very long time
today also happens to be april 20th the
day on which
hitler killer mike and joey lawrence
were born
just goes to show you astrology is dumb
it doesn't make any sense
4 20 of course is a holiday for pot
smokers and potty eaters to celebrate
420 by doing pretty much exactly what
they do every day
[Music]
on a sad note it's our first 420 without
walter mondale so
that's weird right i mean
[Applause]
you guys are high is that what's going
on right now
we have a good show for you today on
this green day including billy joe
armstrong
from green day and ellen degeneres who
is
i'm not sure of this true i heard a
rumor ellen's backstage stoned out of
her mind so
she's hiding under a very well-chosen
couch right now
speaking of drugs our new pillow pal
mike lindell what a night last night was
so if you haven't been following this my
pillow guy launched a new social media
website for
people like him who are no longer
welcome on twitter
he started it off with a 48-hour
frank-a-thon
is what he calls it was basically him
passionately
ranting from eight o'clock in the
morning until 11 o'clock at night he
claimed almost
92 million people tuned in yesterday
to see this franklin dell says fox won't
let him on
nobody cares anymore about the rubbish
you write what about my friend that lost
his google maps because he said
something about the border
why don't you want to write that story
why not
what are they hiding in america what are
they hiding america
hello everybody walk like this did you
see any nudity in porn
what part didn't you believe mike
adele's a christian
you guys are cowards you're guilty what
hire the bots jump on him kill his
company kill his company
crash kill destroy sorry i'm a little
fired up here a little
you take one sip of an energy drink your
eyes are gonna pop out of your head
that went on late into the night i love
that he owns a pillow company and
doesn't seem to sleep
it's like poetry i have to admit i was
glued to this i want this frank-a-thon
to go on forever
mike lindell is kind of like saul
goodman from better call saul he had a
funny supporting role
in one of the most incredible dramas of
all time but now that he's got his own
show
you really appreciate what a character
he is
it didn't start out friendly
a story came out with a transcript of my
monologue
last night so they rushed this into mike
who
read most of it aloud that was weird me
sitting in my kitchen
while the my pillow guy reads my jokes
to his sidekick
and he's going i wonder if jimmy is
watching and yes jimmy was watching
he told some people at a rally he would
pray for me and last night i wondered if
he really did
what do we got here oh here we go
jimmy kimball fires back at mike
lindell's delusional palooza
how did he get it up that fast where'd
it go jimmy
jimmy replied hold it thanks for all the
shout out kimmel said
do you think he's really praying for me
yes i am jimmy i really am
like honestly do you think when he says
his prayers before bed he actually named
me
you know what i will deny jimmy all
right well good thank you i'll take that
even though i know when he prays god is
like all right
mike i get it i get it too loud
i learned a lot from mike lindell last
night including the fact that our paths
have apparently crossed before you know
on my show tomorrow i was actually on
stage with jimmy kimmel
at bob seger concert he won't remember
me but bob see
he went bad we were doing a filming 300
people out front i was on stage
jimmy was sitting right next to me and a
big country singer here
back then he didn't mind me right you
know i didn't mean nothing to him then
you know good enough to come on the
stage and sit there now he's going to
try and
see if jimmy calls me out for fake news
i got the picture you get the big
yeah yeah we'll see if jimmy makes fun
of that i should put it i should put it
out there
jimmy and jimmy close friends invited
you on his show
oh well all sudden things have changed
i actually that i think he's right i
think we were
we were in detroit but as i recall it
wasn't a bob seger show
it was a kid rock concert bob seger got
on stage and did a few songs
i was at a concert with kid rock and
michael and dell
little did i know it would turn out to
be the holy trinity of trump but
anyway mike he seemed pretty psyched
about my invite and it seems like it's
probably going to happen
he invited hold on hold on he even
invited lindell to come on a show in
person for an interview
in bed surrounded by pillows just me and
mike snuggled up side by side at
california
jimmy i'll do that but not the goose
feathers yeah goosebumps are bad for you
your cervical nerve no seriously your
cervical nerves you need my pillows
patented fill
all right well all right well i don't
know
i never knew i was being crippled by
goose feathers without
i'm gonna try to make the whole
interview about geese i'll take you up
on that
i will come live on your show with one
of my cal what has he got here
california
california king i will bring it there
the brand new bed we're just launching
i will absolutely do that we'll bring in
pillows you can keep the pillows
i'll give your whole audience pillows
jimmy if you pull this off
oh oh now you're awake okay
oh we don't really have an audience
there's our stab here but what i will
pull off is a decorative coverlet
so we can jump in that bed together i am
excited i'm not even sure i believe he's
real
i haven't seen most of my friends for 13
months i'm going to be spooning with the
my pillow guy next week
you know i mentioned tonight is 4 20 and
that is a big one around here in
hollywood so
we thought it might be fun to play a
game called who's high tonight
it's a simple game we are going to meet
three pedestrians on hollywood boulevard
there they are
socially distanced so the way the game
works is
uh we got three contestants one of them
is high
the other two are not at least that's
what they said and let's meet our
contestants now
first off we have shayla hi shayla
hi where are you from shayla i'm from
maryland you're from maryland what do
you do for work in maryland
um i'm not working right now i'm a
college student
are you on spring break right now no i'm
not you are
on zoom school or what or something like
that right now
what is your major business
administration okay very good
shayla can we zoom in on shayla's eyes
so i can see
they look pretty clear okay all right
let's meet
pedestrian number two is
your name is excellence yes sir
really really what's your middle name
uh jay just j j yeah
just the letter j yeah it's just a j
really so would your
parents felt they'd used up too many
letters in the first one and went just
with jay
of course of course excellence jay um
wow is that your birth name uh yes
wow how about that do you have siblings
um
yes okay you're the one that's high
yes yes thank you sir i am not
you're not well then you've got some
explaining to do
all right and let's meet ashley ashley
hi uh hi ashley where are you from i'm
from monroe michigan
what's that on your shirt ashley this is
the shelby cobra
okay all right the cut from the ford yes
all right
okay and um let's see what do you do for
work
i stock shelves at a hardware store by
the way that's the weed bus going by
behind you right
i can smell it yeah oh you can smell it
okay all right well if you can still
smell it that would indicate to me that
you're probably not the one
we learned that excellence isn't the one
so shayla i'm gonna say
you're the one are you the one jayla i
am you
are hi that's right jayla what did you
smoke today
um i smoked the j uh pre-roll
a jay that's his middle name
all right excellent um let's meet up
after the show and go through your life
okay
all right all right thank you all we
have a gift for you for playing
prizes for everyone photographs of seth
rogen noted stoner
thanks for playing who's i if you like
that video
then put a ring on it click the
subscribe button below
oh